escaping from the
danger once again Israeli forces have
declared the area around alal Hospital
in Han yunes
unsafe ordering Palestinians to leave
immediately this area has been under
heavy bombardment for
days and now the Palestinian red
crescent has been told to move its
operations
elsewhere no evacuation should take
place without proper coordination or
without a humanitarian Corridor this
would ensure the safety of all those
inside the hospital ensure we as
paramedics will be able to continue to
provide our services and help Evacuate
the patients and the wounded according
to proper medical
protocols Palestinians here say they
don't know where to go or where to seek
safety the nearby shelters are
relatively safe but the fear of an
evacuation order
looms shelling never stops this Winter's
cold is fierce children are gripped with
fear as you see the situation is more
than dire we can hardly sleep 1 hour
throughout the day we sleep on the floor
in the hospital's Corridor the
Palestinian red crescent has described
the situation in alal as critical
Hospital units have had to shut down
because of a lack of
supplies they are urgently calling for
the protection of all civilians but
there's concern these calls may go
unanswered Axel zovic Al
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer